Update documentation for transition to quarterly releases (#4026)
projectcontour/contour: site/content/docs/v1.18.1/github.md

## Milestones

> Contour attempts to ship on a quarterly basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contour ships on a quarterly basis, about every three months from the last release.
```
